WIP: Repo documentation refactor (#540)
safe-global/safe-contracts: docs/architecture/overview.md

> ⚠️ IMPORTANT: Since a guard has full power to block Safe transaction execution,
> a broken guard can cause a denial of service for the Safe. Make sure to carefully audit the guard code and design recovery mechanisms.

To learn more about guards, please refer to the [guards](./guards.md) documentation.

#### Libraries

> Libraries implement custom execution flows that are optimized towards specific protocols or use cases. To use the libraries they are called using `delegatecall`, which executes the library logic via the Safe contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libraries implement custom execution flows that are optimized towards specific protocols or use cases. To use the libraries they are called using [delegatecall](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/introduction-to-smart-contracts.html#delegatecall-and-libraries), which executes the library logic via the Safe contract.
```

Author: I would not link this here and rather explain it in the detailed documentation on libraries.

> > ⚠️ IMPORTANT: Since a libraries are called via delegate call, they can perform arbitrary state changes on the Safe contract. Make sure to carefully audit the libraries that are used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ IMPORTANT: Since libraries are called via delegate call, they can perform arbitrary state changes on the Safe contract. Make sure to carefully audit the libraries that are used.
```

To learn more about libraries, please refer to the [libraries](./libraries.md) documentation.

### Technical Overview

#### Safe Deployment

> The Safe contracts make heavy use of deterministic and counterfactual deployment. This not only makes it possible to reduce the gas costs but also guarantees that the deployed contracts cannot be arbitrarily changed. 

Reviewer 3: I thought the benefit of counterfactual deployment is the deterministic address. Whether or not you use counterfactual deployment smart contracts are immutable so they can't be arbitrarily changed.

```suggestion
The Safe contracts make heavy use of counterfactual deployment. This makes it possible to reduce the gas costs and guarantees that the deployed contracts have deterministic addresses. 
```

#### Safe Message

The Safe message is defined by the following [EIP-712](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712) typed structured data:

```json
SafeMessage {
    bytes message;
}
```

#### Owner and Module Management

Owners are managed in the `OwnerManager` contract and modules in the `ModuleManager` contract. For both a linked list is used to keep track of the addresses. For a detailed description on the properties and implementation of the linked list, please refer to the [linked list](./linked_list.md) documentation.

#### Transaction execution

> The method `execTransaction` in the Safe.sol contract is the main entry point for executing transactions. This flow uses a multi-sig pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method `execTransaction` in the `Safe.sol` contract is the main entry point for executing transactions. This flow uses a multi-sig pattern.
```

> It takes the transaction parameters and nonce/chain id from the chain, generates the Safe transaction hash and verifies the signatures of the different owners to reach a threshold of required confirmations. The nonce is a single uint256 that is increased by one for every executed transaction. The [multi signature](./multi_sig.md) documentation contain more details on this flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It takes the transaction parameters and nonce/chain id from the chain, generates the Safe transaction hash and verifies the signatures of the different owners to reach a threshold of required confirmations. The nonce is a single `uint256` that is increased by one for every executed transaction. The [multi signature](./multi_sig.md) documentation contain more details on this flow.
```
